Hey boss oops
You startled me.
I thought I was seeing a ghost
I remember you used to be in good spirits
Why are you so haggard now?
It's not because our restaurant's current business is too big
Bad and what?
I offended Boss Wang again.
Hey, it's scary every day
Boss Wang this time?
I'm completely convinced
Throughout this Yizhou
It's still your boss Wang who is the most dazzling
Boss Wang, we are not Wan
Brother, I will give you a reason to apologize.
Hahaha, is that right?
We're all business people.
How can there be any deep hatred?
come
It will be a family from now on, and I will reply to you too.
Good brother, all my business after that
Eight established soft will be given to you.
In the future, what you say is what you say
I want 70%